# reactor

A small demo of how to build a reactive framework based on Aeron.

It allows multiple components to send messages to each other and react on incoming messages.
The different components register themselves to a lookup service and can find each other using a simple REST interface.

The messages are currently serialized using a very rudimentary codec that is autogenerated from message classes based on 
getters and setters. Currently they can only contain primitive types and Strings.


Licence

The code is currently licenced under the GPLv3 Licence 


Usage:

Messages should be defined as plain POJOS with getters and setters
(getters should be prefixed with 'get', or 'is' for booleans.
setters should be prefixe with 'set')
The class should then be annotated with @ReactorMessage
An optional id parameter can be used to signal which value should 
be used to flag the typ of message when they are encoded.

The components that signal and reacts to incoming signals are instances
of the 'Reactor' class. The method 'signal()' is used to send a message
to another Reactor instance. To allow the Reactor instance to react to 
incoming signals the method 'react()' sets up a callback method for an
incoming message.
It is possible to register multiple callback methods. These will be called
in the order they were registered.

There is a simple config framework that relies on a static POJO to provide
some basic parameters that are defined in a YAML file or can be overridden
with system properties.

